
TODO List

CRITICALLY IMPORTANT

Don't increase karma roll with step modifier box?
Disallow/ignore Karma on skill rolls?
Fill empty space on charsheet_main. (Blood Magic items, Half-Magic tests?)
Need to create a place for Talent Knacks. Subwindow on the talents page of charsheet?
Check for extra successes in rolls?
Fix Talents/skills to be targetable. (add targeting features from spell page? then we only need actions tab for custom actions?)
Add Thread Items Tab(s) to charsheet.
Can I make the CT call onInit or onUpdate for combatants?
Add spellcasting info to the top of the spells page? e.g. Spellcasting Talent, Weaving, Step, Circle (things spells need for automation)
Make Actions tab prettier? (not needed if only custom?)
In Progress: Fix layout of main charsheet tab. Use correct label templates (<label> and <label_frametop> but not <label_column>)
Possibly add Circle/Novice/Journeyman to skills/talents view.
Get Combat Tracker working. In progress, mostly working? (Need to add effect automation, etc)
Add Racial Stats to Race records, so they can be added to character sheet by dragging. (Create New Tab?)
In Progress: Allow Drag/Drop Character Creation. Race/Discipline/Talents/Skills are now working.
Add Custom Ability Modifier Fields to NPC and Charsheet, to allow custom bonuses/flaws. (Other computations, such as Race, Attribute Points, Half-Magic, etc.)
Add custom mod to entries' spellcasting tests.
Fix layout of main charsheet tab. Use correct label templates (not label_column?)
In Progress: Get CT Menu working (rest, etc.) Menu is working, any new nodes to add?
Add support for new lighting features. Default visions work without modification. Possibly need to add new visions?
Number instead of string for Strain?
Fix NPCs so that manually entered numbers don't get overwritten by onUpdate(); (Add "Custom?" checkbox?)
Fix modifier box not adding to "dice" rolls?
Add note to description indicating bonus to Step #?
Add option for removing targets on miss?
Fix damage rolls from displaying roll total for each target.
Update numbers in CT after rolls?
Automate strain?
Bypass armor option for spells?
Leftover attribute points added to Max Karma.
Add a script to the CT effects in ref_spells in order to separate the clauses before turning into an actual CT Effect.
steprollfocus frame not found.
Fix right-click-added dice not exploding?

THEME/UI:
FG Dark theme removes iedit buttons on client?
Fix compatibility with CoreRPG themes. (probably just need to move crystal png to its own theme?)

OPTIMIZATION:
Double Check and fix Factorization.
Consolidate and trim graphics folder.
Consolidate and trim templates. (talent, skill, spell)
Verify that old FGC code isn't bogging us down.

CONTENT:
Add NPCs/Monsters from Gamemaster's Guide. Not Started. (less important?)
Add Base Spells - In Progress: Mostly complete, just need to fix "effectStep" to have only rolled tests, and "CT effects" to have CT effects.
Get Races reference to match definitions in book. (verify)
Get Disciplines reference to match definitions in book. (verify)

QUALITY OF LIFE:
Figure out LibraryDataED4 (data_library_ED4.lua) I think this is related to displaying races, disciplines, etc.
Maybe we need a getStepFromDice function in Step_Action_Lookup? (reverse of getStepDice) (WIP)
Fix pronouns to use they/them instead of he/him or she/her. (talent descriptions, etc) (find/replace in campaign data)
Do I need a legend worksheet?
Fix exploded dice to show green bgcolor instead of green die graphic for better viewing. (same for red 1/s? probably not, we know they're 1 by the color alone?)
Make NPC window narrower min width. (squish attributes closer)
